kate and her friends were looking for a vegas nightclub to party at. they found one in the suburbs. to lure in the people, they decided to try it out. it was very loud and rowdy. unfortunately, they had to leave.
after dinner the kids heard the ice cream truck. they looked out the window to see what it was. it was the ice cream truck. they decided to get a cone. the kids took a bite out of his ice cream cone.
juan and maria went to an amusement park one saturday. they wanted to go on the biggest roller coaster they had. so they got on the roller coaster. they rode it for an hour. they had a great time on the ride.
dan was at a friend's house. dan wanted to play video games. dan had a lot of fun. then he wanted to play a game. so he decided to play monopoly.
the boy locked the cage. he ran out of the cage. he took the fight to the ground. he threw a punch. the cage landed in the eye of the other fighter.
kate needed to find a gas station to fill up. he went to the nearest gas station to fill up his car. kate filled up the gas tank and drove back home. when he arrived, he realized that he forgot his wallet. kate went back to the gas station and paid for his gas.
dale caught his girlfriend sneak out at night. his girlfriend told him she had been gone for a week. he was very upset that he couldn't find her. dale called the police to report her missing. the police caught her in the act.
hope rode the same train to work every day. hope had never been on the same train before. so on her first day at work, hope decided to take a different one. but on her second day, there was a new person on the train. she ended up leaving work early because she didn't want to miss her train.
jake hated big storms. one day he was afraid of lightning and thunderstorms. he decided to go outside and play in the yard. during the day it was very windy. jake's yard got a lot of damage due to the storm.
after i skipped detention all week, i got called to the principal. the principal asked why he was in trouble. i told him that he had been cheating on his girlfriend. after trying to talk to him, he called the principal. the principal grounded him for a week.
liz was binge watching her favorite tv show. at the end she was excited to see what was going on. all of a sudden it was a huge cliffhanger. she had to be rushed to the hospital. luckily the doctor told her she was pregnant.
i went to visit my aunt the other day. my aunt was in a wheelchair. she was going to the hospital. one day she had a stroke. she was very sad.
beth was a little girl who wanted money to buy her own toys. she asked her parents for money but they wouldn't give it to her. beth decided to make a lemonade stand and sell lemonade. after a couple weeks of hard work, she had made a lot of money. beth's mom was able to buy her toys.
jake loved woody allen movies. jake was a fan since he was a kid. one day, he went to the theater to see one. it wasn't as good as he expected. jake's parents bought him a new one.
little finn was putting away his toys. he picked up a ball and threw it. unfortunately, the ball hit him in the face. finn fell on the ground. he was a bruise on his cheek.
bradley is the star of his team. he is a star player. this game is in a big game. bradley scores the winning goal. he celebrates with his teammates.
anna was going to grill some corn on the cob. she put the corn on the grill and put it in the oven. but after hours of frustration, she forgot about the corn. the cob was still hot, but the corn cooked well. luckily, anna's corn still burned!
abby was trying to find a accessory for easter. she found a pair of earrings but they were too expensive. abby decided to get a necklace instead. she found a beautiful necklace with a bow on it. abby is very happy with her new necklace.
larry was at a yard sale. he wanted to buy it. it was too expensive. he decided to sell it anyway. he sold it on ebay.
when i started the 6th grade, i was excited. i went to the circus. i was so excited to see all the animals. after hours of getting into it i finally went to see the elephants. i had a great time at the circus.
tyrone applies for his dream job at a music company. he is so excited to hear back from them. one day, a manager at the company calls him back. they tell him he got the job. tyron was so excited he couldn't contain his excitement.
ben got hurt last night playing football. it hurt so bad i could barely walk. ben went to the doctor. ben's doctor told me i tore my rotator cuff. i had to sit out the rest of the game with crutches.
jill always wanted to do art. she decided to learn how to paint. jill decided to take a painting class at the local community college. jill became very good at painting. everyone was very proud of her work.
carol wanted an adventure. she decided to take a trip to the mountains. carol packed his bags and headed out on the road. while she was there, she had a great time. the trip was the best adventure he ever had.
susan was at the county fair. it was the ferris wheel. she had never ridden it before. she was excited to try it out. susan had a great time.
sam felt lonely. he decided to go on a date with someone. sam met a nice girl at the bar. he asked her out. she said yes.
i made a huge mistake the other day. it was the first time i've ever been late for work. i had to call my boss and tell him i had to work late. he was so mad at me, i called the manager. he grounded me for a week.
it was ken's birthday. his parents had thrown him a surprise party. his parents were bringing him a new bike. ken rode his new bike all day.
tony snuck out of his house. he didn't see the police. he was very worried. tony ran out of the house. tony went back to his house and called the police.
i bought a new office chair the other day. it was very comfortable. the chair was so comfortable and comfy. it sat in it every day. soon it was broken.
jim hosted a dinner party for his co-workers. jim was ready to serve the food when he heard a knock at the door. jim was a knock on the door with a note from his wife. jim called his wife to tell her that he was sick. jim went to the doctor and was told that he had appendicitis.
the thief stole the painting. he stole the painting. the painter was very upset. the owner decided to call the police. the police caught the thief.
jamie was active in her community. she wanted to become a nurse. she wanted to work with children. jamie decided to volunteer at the local soup kitchen. jamie loved her new job and was happy to help others.
jake moved into a new apartment. she was very excited to have a place to live. jake was a little nervous because she didn't know where to start. luckily, jake asked her roommate for some advice. her roommate showed her how to get started.
keith is on vacation in las vegas. he goes to the casino. he plays blackjack. he lost a lot of money. he decided to go home.
lana was rushing around the house before work. when she arrived, she realized he had forgotten to brush his teeth. she decided to take a quick shower. after the shower, she felt much better. she was glad he brushed his teeth before work.
carol woke up to use the restroom at night. she woke up to a loud noise. she looked out the window and saw that the wind was picking up. carol was very scared and ran back to his bed. carol went back to sleep.
the doctor told me i'm going to need surgery. he told me that i have to have a hysterectomy. i was scared but i know it will be worth it. i cannot wait to be done with my surgery.
the sun was shining brightly when i got to work yesterday. it was a beautiful sunny day. that was the first time i've had such a nice day in a long time. in the evening it started to rain. i decided to stay inside and watch tv instead.
sarah is going on her first date. sarah and her date go to a fancy restaurant. after eating, sarah orders a fancy bottle of wine. it is so good, sarah decided to go with her boyfriend. they had a great time on her date.
jane was at the grocery store. she wanted to buy a few things. she decided to get some ice cream. the line was all out. jane had to wait in line for an hour for a new one.
chris was worried about going to school. he was very nervous. he decided to go to the doctor. the doctor told him he had strep throat. chris was able to get medicine for it.
i really needed a new computer. i begged his parents for one. they told him he couldn't afford one. so i decided to save up. in a few years i was able to buy one for himself.
it was late october. tina went to the store to buy a new pair of jeans. she bought a pair of black pants. she went home and unpacked them. she put them on and went to bed.
jane tried to make dinner. she was out of garlic. she went to the store to buy some. she bought some from the grocery store. she made garlic bread for dinner.
tom hated being sick. he decided to get better. he went to the doctor. the doctor told him he had the flu. tom was so sick he had to stay home from work for a week.
joel is just turning 18 years old. joel decides to get a driver's license. joel went to the library and looked at all the books. joel found a book on driving. joel bought the book and took it home.
aaron was hungry. he decided to go to the grocery store. he went to pick up some food. the line was out of bread. aaron decided to order pizza instead.
jake went out to eat one day. he ordered a chicken and waffles sandwich. jake didn't notice that the food wasn't very good. jake complained to the waitress. the waitress told him that the chicken was overcooked and the waffles were undercooked.
the children gather to play a game. they got together and began to play tag. the children were very good at the game. they had a lot of fun. the parents decided to play again soon.
mike had to take his dog for a walk. on the way, mike saw a squirrel. the squirrel was running away from him. mike chased the squirrel for a while. finally, he caught the squirrel and returned it to his dog.
karina was an older lady who worked in a fast food place. she was having a hard time making ends meet. karina decided to take a vacation. when she came home she went to the beach. karina was able to earn enough money to buy a new car.
anna was given her cousin's hamster when her cousin got sick of it. anna was so excited to get the hamster home and play with it everyday. when anna's cousin passed away she was so happy to see it again. she decided to take it to the vet to get it checked out. the vet told her that it was sick and needed to be put down.
today we were playing outside. ben wasn't sure what to do. he wanted to go inside. he decided to play with her brother. she fell in the mud and got mud all over her clothes.
kate was in need of an apartment. she went to the real estate office and looked at several places. finally, she found an apartment that he liked. the apartments were too expensive for him. kate decided to get a second job and save up for the apartment.
first thing in the morning, the internet was slow. i tried to fix it but it wouldn't work. finally, i decided to buy a new one. i went to the store and bought a brand new computer. it is faster than the old one, which is alex's computer.
my 98 year old friend george carries copies of a book. they tried to read the book. george told them to stop. they tried to read it anyway. they ended up falling asleep on the floor.
my wife's boss is very obsessive-compulsive about her area. today, she wanted to be able to do something nice for her neighbors. she bought a new fence to put up around her house. she put up the fence, but it still has scratches. she is very proud of her work.
joe was going to the new restaurant with his coworkers for lunch. joe ordered a large cheeseburger and fries. joe looked at the menu and saw that it was very expensive. he decided to order a small salad instead. joe enjoyed his lunch very much.
april has an appointment with her doctor today. she was very nervous about it. as she packed up the trays she was very nervous. the doctor told her she was doing fine. when she got to the appointment she said she was going to be fine.
anthony has been wanting a new pet. anthony went to the pet store to look around. while looking anthony saw a dog that he really liked. anthony decided to buy the dog. anthony brought the dog home and named him ziggy.
the magician entered the stage, waving to the crowd. he was nervous. at one point, he began to sing. at the last minute, he was very good at it. he did a great job!
john went on a trek in a forest. he saw a bear on the trail. he decided to turn around and go back home. the bear saw a bear again. john was so scared and ran away.
kate had a small tin for garbage in her room near her desk. the trash can outside of the house decided to throw away the tin. the tin was full of garbage. kate decided to throw it away. unfortunately she never found the tin in the trash.
ben is a kid riding home from school. he runs out in front of him. he slams on his brakes. his brakes go flying off the road. he got out of his car and called the cops.
liz needed to save money. she decided to buy a new car. she bought a used car for the first time. when she went home, she was very excited. liz went to the car dealership and bought the new car.
neil walked into his local laundromat. there, he heard a loud noise coming from the dryer. neil ran over to see what it was. it was a man with a gun. neil shot the man in the back of the head!
olivia is feeling cold one day. she decides to go for a walk to get some fresh air. when she gets outside, she is very cold. while walking she feels a sharp pain in his back. she takes him to the doctor to get it checked out.
tim needed gas for his car. he wasn't sure where to get gas. tim decided to drive to the nearest gas station. he filled up his tank. tim drove home.
abby recently moved to a new neighborhood. she wanted to meet new people. she went out to the local coffee shop. abby talked to a lot of people there. she became good friends.
the man grew out his hair. he decided to get a haircut. he went to the barber shop. he cut his hair very short. the man was very happy with his new look.
elliott had children at a young age and spent most of his life working. one day, he decided to quit his job and become a stay at home dad. this was very hard on him and he was very unhappy. he decided he needed to take a break from working and spend more time with his kids. he felt better about his life and decided to go back to work.
i hated math when i started college. alas, i wasn't very good at math. so, i decided to drop out of college. but, i went to a community college and got a job. after that, i was able to get a degree in math.
sal wakes up late for work. he puts on his work clothes and drove to the office. once inside, he arrives at work. there was a long line of people at the front desk. sal had to wait an hour before he was able to get into the office.
luke is staying in his log cabin. he hears a loud noise outside his window. he opened the window and looked outside. it was a bear. he runs away.
there was a noise outside. the noise was a loud crack. the raccoon looked outside and saw a raccoon. the raccoon ran away. the raccoon was scared and called the police.
doug is chaperoning his daughter's party. the date has a lot of fun. a man comes over to the party. he gives him a kiss on the cheek.
i was supposed to sing at a concert. i was very nervous because she had never sung in front of an audience before. i practiced every day for weeks. when the day of the concert came, i went to the concert and was very nervous. however, i did a great job and everyone loved it.
abby worked as a administrative assistant for the company's ceo. abby had a very difficult time keeping up with the demands of her job. abby decided to quit her job and start a new one. after a year of working full time, abby got a new job as a cashier. her old one-time boss was very happy with her new job.
jake wanted to join little league. he went to the batting cages and practiced hitting the ball. he practiced catching the ball in the outfield. jake was ready for the tryouts. he made the team and was very happy.
we decided to stay in last weekend. we decided to stay home and watch tv. we watched a lot of movies. after that we went out to eat. it was a nice relaxing weekend.
brett is visiting mexico on vacation. brett has a lot of fun exploring the city and seeing the sights. brett and i went to the beach. it was a nice place to relax. brett had a great time on her vacation.
eric finishes his last day of high school. he is very nervous. he goes to the principal's office. the principal tells him he was going to be a teacher. eric is so happy.
john wanted to help the homeless. he decided to volunteer at a soup kitchen. john had a lot of fun helping people out. the people were very grateful for her help. john decided to become a counselor for the homeless.
abby's cheer leading squad was having a car wash fundraiser. they had a long list of items for sale to raise money. there were a lot of people who wanted to buy a car wash. by the time abby had the money, they had a lot to sell. by early afternoon, they had raised over $500 dollars.
marco decides he wants something to drink. he decides to go to the local bar. at the bar, he orders a beer. as a result, he fills himself a glass. marco goes home and drinks his beer.
karen had two cats. one day she went to the vet. the vet told him that his cats had fleas. karen took them home and gave them flea medicine. the cats started to feel better.
carl was easily goaded into fights. his brother went to the store to buy a new pair of shoes. carl couldn't find a pair he liked and bought them. his brother then went home and put them on. carl then got into a fight with his brother.
rob has a crush on a girl from work. he decided to ask her out on a date. she told him she was busy and couldn't go out with him. rob decided to ask the girl out anyway. she said yes.
samira was feeling a little fatigued after cardio. after a week, he decided to go for a run. after some hard work, he ran for an hour. samira felt better, and fell asleep very early on the run. samira was happy that he had done a good workout.
terry is on a ski trip with his friends. terry decides to go up a big hill. he falls off his skis and broke his leg. terry wasn't able to ski down the mountain. terry had to go to the hospital to get it checked out.
the car stopped. there was a lot of snow on the ground. one kid was on the road. he pulled over to get out of the snow. the kid got out and put on a coat and gloves.
jane had never shot a gun before. it was his first time and he was very nervous. she went to the gun range and bought a gun. jane then practiced with his dad. she shot the gun and it went off and hit his dad in the head.
bert's mom told him he had to take a bath. bert tried to get him to take a shower but he refused. he went to the bathroom and took a bath. he washed his hair and got dressed. bert got out of the bathtub and went to the kitchen for a snack.
adam joined a country dance club. he decided to try out for the team. at the tryout, he was nervous. the coach told her that she wouldn't make the team if she didn't do well. adam did very well at the tryout.
jane wanted to go to the club with friends. but jane had no money to buy a ticket. she went to the bank to borrow money. when jane came, she was able to get a ride to the club. jane and her friends had a great time at the club.
i had a friend in high school who was very familiar. i had a crush on him, but never really dated him. one day i decided to ask her out on a date. she said yes, and we met at a local movie theater! we went to the movies together and had a great time.
liz loved drinking coffee every morning. one day she decided to try to make his own coffee. she went to the store and bought all the ingredients. she brewed a pot of coffee and put it in the machine. then, she poured himself a cup of coffee.
franky was upset that his bedroom door creaked. he went to the store to buy a new one. on the way home, he found the perfect door knocker. he tried to fix it himself, but it broke in two pieces. the first fell apart and the door creaked again.
i like to keep up with video games. i went to the store and bought a new game. i played it all day. i decided to play it again. i ended up losing the game.
